README.md, before:

# Devnet Workshop (DVWKS2601)- pyATS Genie Ops and Parsers
---

### Table of Contents
---
* [Introduction](/README.md)
* [Step 1 - Getting Started](/guide/step1.md)
* [Step 2 - Topology](/guide/step2.md)
* [Step 3a - Genie Ops](/guide/step3a.md)
* [Step 3b - Genie Ops Continued](/guide/step3b.md)
* [Step 4 - Tabular parsing with Parsergen](/guide/step4.md)
* [Step 5a - Non Tabular parsing with Parsergen - Regex](/guide/step5.md)
* [Step 5b - Non Tabular parsing wtih Parsregen - Markup](/guide/step5b.md)
* [Step 6 - Creating an Ops object](/guide/step6.md)
* [Step 7 - Bringing it home with Easypy](/guide/step7.md)
---

pyATS - Python Automated Test Systems is a Python3 based test automation infrastructure.  
It is developed as the next-generation Cisco mainstream automation infrastructure, is compatible to existing tooling & 
infrastructure, and is officially endorsed by Cisco executive team.  

Further information on pyATS can be found on [DevNet](https://developer.cisco.com/site/pyats/)

## The Lab


The files within this Github repository should be cloned to the local machine.

The objective of this lab is to:

* Become familiar with connecting to a testbed
* Leverage to the Genie Ops libraries for retrieving operational data
* Explore the models and parsers leveraged by Genie Ops
* To become familiar with the Genie Parsergen library
* To start the journey on creating your own simple libraries

## Pre-requisites

Users of this lab should have some familiarity with Python and basic concepts of 
object oriented programming.

The CSR1000v IOSXE Boxes must be available on your system.  
Instructions for creating the CSR1000v Boxes can be found at:-  [Box Building](https://github.com/hpreston/vagrant_net_prog/tree/master/box_building)  
Vagrant VM Boxes must be named - _iosxe/16.08.01_ - Alternatively modify [Vagrantfile](/lab_build/Vagrantfile) to point to your local CSR1000v box


### To start please proceed to [Step1](/guide/step1.md)

Commit message:

Readme updated with license and contributors

README.md, after:

# Devnet Workshop (DVWKS2601)- pyATS Genie Ops and Parsers
---

### Table of Contents
---
* [Introduction](/README.md)
* [Step 1 - Getting Started](/guide/step1.md)
* [Step 2 - Topology](/guide/step2.md)
* [Step 3a - Genie Ops](/guide/step3a.md)
* [Step 3b - Genie Ops Continued](/guide/step3b.md)
* [Step 4 - Tabular parsing with Parsergen](/guide/step4.md)
* [Step 5a - Non Tabular parsing with Parsergen - Regex](/guide/step5.md)
* [Step 5b - Non Tabular parsing wtih Parsregen - Markup](/guide/step5b.md)
* [Step 6 - Creating an Ops object](/guide/step6.md)
* [Step 7 - Bringing it home with Easypy](/guide/step7.md)
---

pyATS - Python Automated Test Systems is a Python3 based test automation infrastructure.  
It is developed as the next-generation Cisco mainstream automation infrastructure, is compatible to existing tooling & 
infrastructure, and is officially endorsed by Cisco executive team.  

## The Lab


The files within this Github repository should be cloned to the local machine.

The objective of this lab is to:

* Become familiar with connecting to a testbed
* Leverage to the Genie Ops libraries for retrieving operational data
* Explore the models and parsers leveraged by Genie Ops
* To become familiar with the Genie Parsergen library
* To start the journey on creating your own simple libraries

## Pre-requisites

Users of this lab should have some familiarity with Python and basic concepts of 
object oriented programming.

The CSR1000v IOSXE Boxes must be available on your system.  
Instructions for creating the CSR1000v Boxes can be found at:-  [Box Building](https://github.com/hpreston/vagrant_net_prog/tree/master/box_building)  
Vagrant VM Boxes must be named - _iosxe/16.08.01_ - Alternatively modify [Vagrantfile](/lab_build/Vagrantfile) to point to your local CSR1000v box


### To start please proceed to [Step1](/guide/step1.md)




## Authors & Maintainers

Smart people responsible for the creation and maintenance of this project:

- Simon Hart <sihart@cisco.com>

## Credits

The code snippets and lab could not have been created without the excellent support and guidance form the Cisco ASG Genie Development team 
- 2018 Pioneer Award Winners.  
In particular [Siming Yuan](https://github.com/siming85), [Jean-Benoit Aubin](https://github.com/jeaubin) and [Karim Mohamed](https://github.com/karmoham).  Could not have done without 
support of [Kevin Corbin](https://github.com/kecorbin) either.

Further information on pyATS can be found on [DevNet](https://developer.cisco.com/site/pyats/)

## License

This project is licensed to you under the terms of the [Cisco Sample
Code License](./LICENSE).
